Update README.md (#1)
Ludmilact/Ludmilact: README.md

<div align="left">
<h2>Hello <𝚍𝚎𝚟𝚎𝚕𝚘𝚙𝚎𝚛𝚜/>! 👋 </h2>
</div><br>

> 👩‍🦰 I'm Ludmila and my pronouns are she/her <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👩‍🦰 I'm Ludmila and my pronouns are she/her 
```

> 👩‍🎓 I have a bachelor's degree in Law and now I study computer sciente

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👩‍🎓 I have bachelor's degree in Law and now I'm studying computer science
```

> 👩‍💻 I make my carrer transition with <a href="https://github.com/betrybe"><b>Trybe</b></a> 's Web Development 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👩‍💻 I make my career transition with <a href="https://github.com/betrybe"><b>Trybe</b></a> Web Development bootcamp
```

> 📚 I love books, and I read all genres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📚 I love books and enjoy reading all genres
```
